# Identify Functional and Non-functional Requirements 
### Name  : Anshu Suthar
### ID    : 202001416

# Question 1: Identify FRs and NFRs:
### Functional Requirements

* **Simplicity**: The system should make it simple for consumers to borrow and return books, as well as prolong the borrowing period.
* **Concurrency**: Concurrent bookings and potential collisions between bookings should be handled by the system.
* **User Authentication**: Authentication is necessary before issuing/returning a book for any user. This ensures that the user is an LTS member or not.
* **Flexibility**: Allow users to extend the deadline for return of book, given that there is no future reservation.
* **Web Application**: As a final output, a web application should satisfy demands from students and employees.
* **Admin Previlages**: Give the Librarian Administrative Privileges so that he/she has total authority over the system and can change the records in it.

### Non-Funcitonal Requirements

* **UI/UX**: The web application's look and feel, such as the layout of the screen, buttons, and text, should be pleasing to the user.
* **Security**: The web application should only run within the Institute LAN and should not serve any requests coming from outside of the LAN. Other security measures can be used such as end-to-end encryption and not storing password as plain-text.
* **Scalability**: Our application should be able to handle a sudden rise in user requests and ensure that application's response time is less.
* **Remainders/Alerts**: The system should provide reminders to the user to return the book or extend the loan based on the user's borrowing deadline.
* **Quick Responses**: The LIS web application should be able to manage a huge amount of queries and respond within 5 seconds.
* **24/7 Availability**: The online application should not be unavailable during business hours.
* **Latest Technology**: Recent HTML 5 should be used for the app.
* **Two-factor Authentication**: Advanced authentication like two-factor authentication can be used by verifying the LIS's users by sending verification email and OTP on their mobile numbers.
* **Compatibility**: Native support for all browsers should be provided.

# Question 2 : Identify scope, features and non-functional aspects of the following problem.


### Scope
* A mobile application specifically designed for people with severe hearing disabilities (nearly 5% of global population) should be developed. 
* This app will alert the user when fast action is required, such as when approaching cars are crossing the street or when somebody cries for help. The app will be able to utilize AI to identify typical sounds in certain environments, such as a car horn.
### Features
* **Alerts/Notification**: When the app anticipates a warning message, it should promptly tell the user.
* **Feedback**: Obtaining user input is essential to guarantee that the user was made aware of the warning notification.
* **AI**: To identify noises, this mobile application should employ Artificial Intelligence.
* **Multiple Alert Types**: Offer a variety of alert types, including sound, vibration, visual, and flash, so users can choose the best combination for their needs.
* **Battery Efficient**: The App should require minimal power consumption and should have minimal delay.
* **Location-based alerts**: Triggers notifications based on the user's location, such as alerts when they enter or exit a specific area.
* **Emergency alerts**: Allows users to set up emergency alerts for critical notifications, such as weather warnings, natural disasters, and other important alerts.


### Non-Functional Requirements
* **User-friendly interface**: System should have an intuitive and accessible user interface for users to easily manage their notification settings.
* **App compatibility**: Compatible with a range of popular android/IOS versions to ensure most users are able to use this app.
* **Security**: We should preserve the protect the sensitive information of every user and ensure data privacy.
